oh I lost okay so I've been asked for a
demonstration video of the OCZ
Nia or a neural impulse actuator and so
this is a bit of a practical
demonstration of how the nia can allow
me to control this paddle using what a
control that they call tension so I
found I'm able to control my tension not
very well while I'm talking but I can
usually control my tension either by
raising my brow or lowering it or also
by by clenching my jaw so that allows me
to control the paddle and direct the
ball back towards the computer player
using only like only like actions and
and thoughts there's actually some other
pretty cool stuff in here and I just
wanted to show you this one this is part
of their driver so I tried a few things
and I wish I'd done this on camera cuz
it was pretty neat but one of the things
that I tried was eating and I found that
when I when I was eating my whole brain
kind of went nuts and all of the all of
the different brain waves all maxed out
but ok some of the controls that you can
use with the Nia to control your games
are attention so I found ways to control
that I think it's different for for
everybody another one is glance so it's
easy recommends using glance and here at
cameraman come out and have a look at me
so what glance does is here if I look
straight ahead glance should zero out
can you see glance in the background
make it so you can see glance in the
background ok so I'm going to stare
straight into the camera now watch I'm
going to look a little bit to the left
of the camera glance goes up and then if
I look to the right then glance will
also go up now the Nia can actually tell
whether I'm glancing left or right so
ocz recommends setting glance to strafe
left and strafe right and then they
recommend using tension to control your
forward movement now I haven't found
I've only been playing with it for a
little while I haven't found ways to
control the alpha waves or the beta
waves but
you can actually configure those to
control other things as well and when
you're playing me upon you can this is a
good practice because you can use glance
alpha 1 2 3 or beta 1 2 3 or attention
to control the paddle so if I use glance
if I glanced more if I look around more
the paddle raises up and if I look
straight ahead the paddle goes down so
that's the NIA it hooks up to your head
and then to your computer and you can
use it to to control things so that was
my my demonstration video I don't think
I'm good enough with it yet to do a game
demo but hopefully that will be coming
sometime in the future it's definitely a
very cool device something very
different